
Starship: Bandit Design Document and MDA Document

Overview:

Starship: Bandit is a 3D galaga game that will incorporate mechanics from Square Enix's Kingdom Hearts 2 Gummi Ship Missions.
Paul Bartlett and James Tuxbury (along with any outside help) are making this for portfolio purposes and possibly sell this on
the Google Play Store, Steam, and other devices.

Starship: Bandit will put player's in the position of a bandit who targets and eliminates enemies to take their starship's components
and use them to upgrade their current ships or build new, more powerful and versitile ships (PC version only). 

Starship: Bandit will allow players to:

- Allow players to choose from a selection of premade ships that each have their advantages and disadvantages   
- Build and create their own ships from the parts that the player collects from fallen enemies (PC only)
- Fight enemies in various locations in space, on a planet's surface or over a massive city
- Fight bosses that will require players to figure out the bosses patterns and expose the boss's weaknesses
- Fight bosses one after another to get more rare components to add to thier collection

The Garage/Hangar:
The Garage/Hangar is where the player will be able to select or build their own ships. Ship selection will be like of Star Wars Rouge Squardon where
the premade and created ships will be in the hangar and the player will swipe left or right/push left or right arrow/push left analog stick left or right 
to move to the next/previous ship in the hangar. To select the ship, players will tap the ship/press enter/press A/X to use that ship on their mission. To 
create their ship, players will go to an empty spot in the hangar and select it to be taken to the ship creation menu.

Ships:
Players will be given a select few ships to start of with. As the player progresses through the game, they will unlock more ships that have
their advantages and disadvantages compared to the other ships the player has at their disposal. Player's will also be able to create thier own ships
with the components they collect from defeated enemies. There will be various components that go into making a ship that the player will have to collect
but the player will start out with a few components already in thier garage.

Ship Components:
There will be various components that enemies and bosses will drop that the player can use to make their ships with. The various components are cockpits, engines,
wings, weapons, and hull components. There will be a limit on how many components the player can use to make their ships but the limit will increase as they progress 
through the game. Their will be different types of ship componets that each have their strenghts and drawbacks.

	Weapons:
	Weapons are a part of a ships component. Weapons are used to damage and destroy enemies that the player will face. There will be three different weapons that each have 
	their own upgrades. The weapons will not convert to the next level but there are better weapons of the same type

	Weapon 1: Fire (Name will change)

	The Fire weapon type is a single direction, rapid fire projectile weapon. There are 3 types of Fire weapon. Fire, Fira and Firaga. The difference 
	between these is the damage and rate of fire will increase with Fire having the slowest rate of fire and lowest damage output and Firaga having
	the fastest rate of fire and highest damage output.

	Weapon 2: Blizzard (Name will Change)

	The Blizzard weapon type is a multi-directional, rapid fire projectile weapon. There are 3 types of Blizzard weapons, Blizzard, Blizzara and Blizzaga.
	The difference between these is the number of directions projectile are fired in, damage and rate of fire. Blizzard will have bi-directional firing pattern and lowest damage output,
	Blizzara having a tri-directional firing pattern and having higher damage than Blizzard. Blizzaga having a quad-directional firing pattern and having the highest damage output.  
	Blizzard type weapons will never shoot directly in front of the screen. Blizzard type weapons deal higher damage than Fire type weapons. 

	Weapon 3: Gravity (Name will change)

	The gravity weapon type is a single direction, rapid fire projectile weapon. Compared to the Fire type and Blizzard type weapons, this weapon type has the highest damage output, 
	slowest rate of fire and explode on contact with enemies dealing AOE damage. There are 3 types of Gravity weapons, Gravity, Gravira, and Graviga. The difference between the three
	type of Gravity weapons is the damage and explosion radius. Rate of fire will not change between the thre types of Gravity weapons.

	There will be more weapons added to the list as the game further's into development.
	
	Wings:
	Wings are what allows the player to move and manuver faster. A ship with no wings will move much slower than a ship that does have wings
	
	Cockpits:
	Cockpits are ship components that give the player's ship a boost in damage and in health. A cockpit is required to make a ship. If a ship has not cockpit, then it cannot be used
	in missions.
	
	Hulls:
	Hulls are ship components that give the ship health. The more hulls the ship has, the more health it will have.
	
	Engines:
	Engines are ship components that give the ship a boost in power and in the PC version, move the player faster through the level. A ship must have one engine in order to be used
	on missions.
	

